[bombs whistling]
[groaning]
[distant battle]
All the souls who
have faithfully departed
through the mercy of God...
rest in peace.
[grunts]
MAN:
For the king!
[men shouting]
Mademoiselle. are you hurt?
No. but we will never
defeat the English
if we do not get these
soldiers across the river.
Pour la France!
-Pour la France!
[shouting]
Vive la France!
What's that commotion?
Sir. they seem to
be waving a banner.
Surrendering?
No. sir.
The solders seem to be roused.
Vive la France!
You bring that
flag bearer down.
Aye. sir.
Vive la France!
[grunts]
Ah!
Jean!
Joan of Arc
successfully displaced
with minimal disruption.
Auditory link and
vocal relay established.
All dialects normalized.
Joan. exit behind you.
Follow the illuminated
passage
toward the red light for
integration and armament.
Welcome to Crimson Havoc.
Welcome.
My name is Aria Wellman.
You all are among the deadliest
and most influential
warriors the world
has ever known.
Are we--
[feedback]
Speaking is going to take a
little bit of getting used to.
As none of you can
speak modern English.
a language interface was
applied during your transfer
so that we can all communicate.
Are we... deceased?
Are you God?
You are in the future.
You have all traveled
through time.
We are not dead?
Mm-mm.
We remain flesh and blood?
-Yes.
-Then I can kill you.
You can be killed.
All of you.
That's kind of the point.
You are here to fight
in our tournament.
I represent a company called
the Temporal Combat Authority.
Our company has discovered
a way to source
the most lethal combatants
in all of history.
You're here to fight
each other to the death.
Why should we fight for you?
Our wars are not yet won.
Well. to be transparent...
for our entertainment.
The winner will go back
to his or her time
armed with the knowledge
of their enemies.
and you will be able
to defeat them
because you'll know
their every move.
And how will this
winner be decided?
A fight to the death.
The last one standing wins.
If we die.
does history not change?
No.
It doesn't work like that.
Extractions do not
alter recorded history.
How will I compete?
I can lead armies. but
I have no army here.
and I am not a warrior
skilled in hand-to-hand combat.
I have never killed.
and I will not begin now.
My soul is not to forfeit.
You will have intelligence
on all of your competitors.
You all have a very
unique set of skills.
and that's what makes
Crimson Havoc so entertaining.
What if you refuse to fight?
If we do not kill.
there will be no victim.
A refuse to fight is a forfeit.
and the penalty is death.
The magic that brought us
here can easily destroy us.
Our legacy might vanish with us.
Put out your arms.
Good choice.
You might feel a little pinch.
These chips that
I'm implanting in your arms...
will give you access
to intel on each other.
All the intel is the same.
No one will have
an unfair advantage.
You abducted us. imprisoned us.
and now ask us to
risk our very lives.
How can we trust that this
competition will be fair?
Unfortunately...
You don't
have any other options.
I demand to be
freed immediately.
If I am not released.
you will feel the full
fury of my revenge.
There is only one
path to freedom.
and I suggest that you take it.
Crimson Havoc guests.
exit through the doors
and proceed to
the training room.
Good luck.
Welcome to the training room.
The ammunition is live
and the weapons brutal.
Proceed to the chest and
select your instruments.
Use this time to prepare.
Good luck.
As resource shortages continue.
Sector 5 officials have
launched the Purity Campaign.
offering ration bonuses
and energy credits.
for tips leading to the arrest
of unregistered individuals.
The world might be gray.
but your view doesn't
have to be.
The new Atmosphera
Neurosynced Vista screen.
the sky is whatever
you want it to be.
In other news.
questions continue to swirl
around the
Temporal Combat Authority.
The TCA is the organization
behind the wildly popular
Crimson Havoc
Combat tournaments.
To some. it's
the ultimate sport.
To others. the ugliest mirror
of our age.
Wagers soar into the millions.
fortunes are made overnight
and just as easily lost.
Officially. their technology
is sanctioned entertainment.
broadcast to the masses
as cultural unity.
Unofficially. critics
say thin oversight
and rapid expansion
are concentrating
too much power
in private hands.
In a world where food. water.
and energy are scarce.
one thing remains abundant:
The spectacle.
Welcome. sector faithful.
You asked for them.
We brought them back.
Live from the Temporal
Combat Authority Arena.
reborn for your entertainment.
The TCA brings
you Crimson Havoc!
Let's meet the combatants and
put some faces to those odds.
Attila the Hun!
Attila didn't invade. he erased.
A living storm with no mercy.
no borders. and no master.
Oda Nobunaga!
He broke Japan to remake it:
ruthless. brilliant.
and born for fire.
He conquered tradition
with gunpowder.
strategies. and
unstoppable will.
Ghengis Khan!
From exile to emperor.
Khan built
the largest empire in history.
with speed. terror. and
a storm of war behind it.
Shaka Zulu!
Turned warriors into weapons.
Shaka redefined battle
with brutal precision.
shaping an empire
with silence. force.
and the edge of a blade.
Queen Hangbe!
Hangbe led without fanfare.
birthing an army
of warrior women
that would echo
throughout history.
Boudica!
They took her crown.
so she burned their city.
Boudica rose from ruin
to lead a bloody revolt
against the might of Rome.
Mama Huaco!
Warrior matriarch!
She was the first queen
and the fiercest.
Huaco protected her people
with sling. mace.
and mountain-born range.
Joan of Arc!
Led by visions. feared by kings.
Joan marched through fire
with divine fury.
a teenage girl
who commanded armies and won.
Cleopatra.
Not just beauty. cunning. charm.
and command. the final
queen of Egypt
and the deadliest
diplomat of her time.
And?
Intense.
I don't think I can
do that again.
Well. you will.
You only have over
a billion reasons.
Hmm.
Do you have all
the investors lined up?
Yeah.
All you gotta do is
sit back. relax. and watch.
Moment of truth.
Good evening. investors
and distinguished patrons.
We present for your purchase.
Evaluate their strength
and envision their place
in your collection. your state.
or your command.
I should kill you now and
put you out of your misery.
I am afraid I am not much
with weapons of death.
They have not chosen well.
We have all been chosen
for a reason.
It is a test from our Lord.
If that is true.
then it is a cruel one.
There must be a way for
us to free ourselves
and get back home.
Perhaps the way is
to work together.
It might be the only
key to survival.
Well. the three of us have
great leadership skills.
So does Cleopatra.
She doesn't seem to be
interested in joining us.
If we are forced to fight.
I can defend you both.
The gods favor the bold
and the divine.
We must win everyone to
our cause. or we are lost.
Listen!
My name is Joan.
Attila. Mama. and
I have a proposal.
We're not interested. Joan.
I do not know why
I was brought here.
Maybe it's God's will or
the devil's artifice.
I must believe
there is another way.
If one can be sent home.
so can all.
Only if you win.
We spoke of this.
The strong survive.
nothing more.
Then they erred
when they gathered us.
We will slaughter our captors.
and we will find our way home.
Why risk all the blood shed?
Why not try something
else first?
The people who kidnapped us
made that choice for us.
We will destroy them
and make sure it never
happens to anyone else.
It seems like our cue.
-Ready?
-Ready.
Let the games begin.
We must act with reason.
not rage.
If we turn...
Silence!
What's that?
Poison.
[coughing]
Wait!
We have no choice.
Ladies and gentlemen.
our first fight.
Boudica
vs. Ghengis Khan.
[struggling]
[grunting]
Please stop fighting each other!
We have a common cause.
No!
No. I beg of you.
Stop this.
There is no cause but survival.
Boudica. run!
She better run back to France.
Ghengis Khan vs.
Joan of Arc.
Do not move.
I will not rest until
all of you are dead.
[gunshot]
Oh. conquest denied.
Empire offline.
Thank you.
But why did you save me?
You speak truth.
I trust you to lead us out...
Alive.
I will try my best.
I wish it hadn't come to that.
As do I.
But he would have
killed us both.
May the souls of
the faithfully departed
through the mercy of
God rest in peace.
Amen.
[servos whirring]
[sound rising]
Where is that sound coming from?
This is no ordinary battle.
There must be more
they're not telling us.
We have to find the others.
Convince them that we
need to fight together.
I have loved ones that I am
determined to get back home to.
Lead on.
Let's hear it. Sectors.
Our first fight
and our first kill.
Oda Nobunaga doesn't waste time
burning his one shot
right out of the gate.
And Boudica took a nasty
slice but limped out alive.
Let's look at the leaderboard.
Well. well.
our first alliance.
Joan of Arc couldn't rally the
combatants in the training room.
but clearly Oda sees
something in her.
How long will she hold out
without drawing blood?
Is it strategy or stubbornness?
And is Oda her protector or
is he just waiting
for the right moment
to stab the blade in?
Oh. no. no!
Take a breath.
I'm dead.
No. no. you're alive.
Oh great Khan.
supreme ruler of the Mongols.
You're a mighty warrior.
You're a strong warrior.
But it's time
for you to rest.
[speaking Middle Mongolian]
What did you say to him?
Your fight is done.
Your soul rides free.
And you just happen
to know ancient Mongolian?
You guys. if we don't
respect their history.
then all of this is meaningless.
Yeah. Leon.
Yeah. but...
Come on. ancient Mongolian?
Just make sure the white room
is ready.
This all looks familiar.
I've seen that
fallen log before.
Let us stop for a moment.
I will climb for a better view.
Perhaps I will be able
to spot the others.
Or at least find our bearings.
These woods are a labyrinth.
I shall keep watch.
[gasps]
Show yourself!
It's you.
You nearly struck me.
I thought you were the others.
When we woke up.
chaos broke out.
Some had already
formed alliances.
And I fought free and
fled for my own survival.
How far did you come?
Not too far. but I'm unsure.
Well. join us.
If we unite. we stand a chance.
It's the only way.
You have my word. Joan.
I keep my promises.
Wait.
I will fight at your side.
Have you seen Mama?
She was there when I first woke.
But she vanished
after the fighting.
I thought I spotted her
just ahead in the clearing.
But then I heard you coming
and lost sight of her.
She might not be far.
We should head that way.
I will scout ahead.
No. wait!
Stay close.
If we separate.
we are easy prey.
No one will see me.
But I will keep
within earshot.
[grunts]
She found the plants.
I see that.
So do the buyers.
Her value is already rising.
I don't see anybody.
Attila said they weren't far.
so they must be close.
[twig breaks]
There.
Somebody approaches.
Mama!
Joan. I'm so relieved it's you.
Attila just came through
and he said he'd scout
to make sure it was safe.
Oda?
We're allies now?
Joan has my trust.
He's with us.
We're looking for the others
in hopes to unite everyone.
I think that might be
harder than you expect.
Everybody woke up and thought
violence was their only path.
Everybody was trying to
kill one another violently.
I tried to stop it.
but for my own safety.
I fled to find you.
We saw the same thing
with Genghis Khan.
Oda saved me.
He had to kill.
But there was no choice.
Here. Eat.
You must be hungry.
I found this not too far away.
Thank you. Mama.
Thank you for sharing.
Three-way Throwdown. Shaka Zulu
vs. Boudica vs. Queen Hangbe.
[grunting. shouting]
Stop at once!
What would you have us do?
You're not the boss!
Every fighter for themselves.
last man standing!
And the rest dead!
Or we could change the rules.
If we were to make a pact now.
the four of us can ensure
we're the last remaining.
Together. we are unstoppable.
Why should we trust you?
The three of us are much
stronger and skillful.
We could kill you and
be the final three.
You are strong. yes.
But strength alone
does not win wars.
With my cunning and your power.
none could stand in our way.
Together. we can
defeat our captors.
But first. we must get rid
of Joan and the others.
Their mercy is a weakness
we cannot afford.
Release me.
That is a smart plan.
But hear me!
When only we four remain.
I will show no mercy!
Nor will I!
I would not expect anything less
from warriors such as you.
I'll do my part.
Look out!
Are you hurt?
I am not.
[grunts]
Shaka. Hangbe. go!
Find the archer!
[grunting]
The pain will fade.
and the wound will heal.
Oh. what have we here?
Shaka Zulu and
Queen Hangbe
versus Attila the Hun
and Oda Nobunaga.
[grunting]
Don't move.
Free us or kill us!
We will not be your prisoners.
We got two of them.
Hold on. let me speak to them.
Free us or kill us.
We are not your enemies.
If we keep fighting.
we all lose.
Khan is already dead. and
he vanished before our eyes.
Something unnatural is at work.
You are not to be trusted.
What would I gain by lying?
Move or draw your weapon.
We do not want any
more blood spilled today.
Join us.
Joan. be careful.
It's all right.
We need to trust each other.
Start by trusting me.
[grunting]
Rock beat royalty.
the Queen is dead.
Attila! Attila!
-I'll hunt him down.
-Leave him for now.
One less enemy.
We are not here to kill people.
We are here to survive
and to free us all.
[sound rising]
That sound.
Queen Hangbe goes with Khan.
This is the work of the devil.
By all the gods in the sky.
This isn't holy.
This is more trickery.
Look around you.
This is no battlefield.
We're not fighting
for honor or a country.
We're pieces on a board
moved for
someone else's amusement.
Like a child's toy.
And children are careless
with their toys.
Chaos in the North Quadrant.
Attila almost hit
Joan with an arrow.
but he didn't miss Boudica.
That's her second wound.
Let's take a look
at the leaderboard.
Across the field.
we had a three-way brawl
broken up by Cleopatra.
No steel. no shield.
Just words.
Now they stand together.
A second alliance is born:
one built on
calculated persuasion.
The other on conviction
and strategy.
The question is.
who survives the night?
Mama Huaco's strike
punched a hole
in Cleopatra's alliance.
For the queen. it's
the end of the line.
Claimed by the arena.
Returned to the age
from which she came.
She restrained?
Mm-hmm.
Okay. good. now get out of here.
She ready?
Getting there.
How is your shoulder?
Much better.
You have my thanks.
We are stronger together.
When we find Attila. he's mine.
As you desire. but do not be
too consumed by your wrath.
We must be rid of all of them
if we wish to return.
I have grown tired of you
telling me what to do.
Why should I listen to someone
who has never fought
for her life?
I am a king.
I lead from the front.
When I find Attila. I will
rip his heart out myself.
The others have
passed through here.
Footprints.
They are not far.
There. look ahead.
That must be where
our captors hide.
or perhaps where they hide
those who disappear.
We're being followed.
Then we move faster.
Or we wait for them.
If we unite. we stand
a better chance inside.
Whatever is killing
the dead must be stopped.
They won't talk.
They want blood.
I'll stay behind
and ambush them.
You three. go ahead.
No. We stay together.
Now that we know they're coming.
we can catch them
and convince them.
And if they refuse?
Then we move on.
But I know they will not
unite if they are dead.
Or worse.
Let's get into position
for when they come.
Oda. you take the high ground?
The rest of us will
spread out and wait.
Shaka. I must speak with you.
No time.
You two keep pace with me.
Otherwise we will
never catch them.
What's he doing now?
-Let's go.
-Wait.
I do not believe
it would be this simple.
[shouts]
Shaka Zulu versus Oda Nobunaga.
[grunting]
We need to help.
Stay hidden.
Rushing in means certain death.
[grunting]
We don't want to kill you.
Please reconsider.
We need to every fighter.
Do you submit?
Never.
Reconsider.
Please.
[shouts]
[grunting]
Oh. Shaka drops.
Oda still stands.
No...
No. there is always
another way.
No!
If he had not turned on us now.
he would later.
[grunts]
Shaka. sit back down.
A tech is one the way.
Free me!
Say what you will. but
they build a mighty fortress.
Even the hardest stone crumbles.
I have found something.
Save your sword.
Master Nobunaga.
This fortress is
not of our time.
Our ways don't work here.
Yet I have destroyed many.
Well. this is unexpected.
Four combatants Oda Nobunaga.
Joan of Arc.
Attila the Hun
and Mama Huaco
heading straight for
the TCA fortress walls.
For those of you
new to the game.
this is a restricted zone.
You don't storm the castle
in Crimson Havoc.
But the TCA has made sure
those gates are guarded.
Let's get back in there.
Shh...
[rumbling]
There's a sound.
Attention fighters. you are
entering a restricted area.
Please return to the
combat zone immediately.
Birds that talk?
Attila. put your weapon down.
Any interference
with our drones
will be considered
an act of aggression.
Our retaliation will be swift.
Thank you for your coop--
Damn it.
Well. we warned them.
What are they doing?
Spread out. take cover.
Mama. your slingshot.
[shouts]
Your god favors you.
Their weapons are powerful.
Have you been badly injured?
I'll survive.
Operator detected.
Weapon gyroscope damaged.
Engage rear triggers
for manual override.
-Oh!
-[gunfire]
Joan. what have you found?
I think I just found our way in.
[gunfire]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[shouting]
[alarm sounds]
Clever.
How's the queen doing?
AI cerebral upload
seems to hold.
She's good to go.
Activate subjects
A and B please.
Keep all translators on.
Make it interesting.
How confident are we?
Very.
Move or be moved.
Shaka Zulu versus Genghis Khan
and Queen Hangbe.
Attack.
[grunting]
Stand down.
Let her pass.
Let's take him to
the surgical theater.
-More adjusting?
-Yeah.
No lag.
I like that.
Maybe we need to make
the attacks more relentless.
The impact readings
are a little low.
so let's increase it.
Yes. sir.
I will let the investors know.
Even at this rate. we can
increase our demand by 30%.
We've just lost visuals on
Oda Nobunaga. Attila the Han.
Mama Huaco and Joan of Arc.
If you're just joining us.
our four combatants
blasted their way
into a maintenance hatch
and are now off camera.
This looks like it
goes on for miles.
You truly believe
they are down here?
We have to keep moving.
There must be something.
They want to stay hidden.
We'll never find them.
Have faith.
I have faith in myself.
I've already killed
two other fighters.
They assembled
great warriors.
but I'm the greatest.
I'm going to win this
Crimson Havoc
and go back to my time.
Oda. stay with us.
You only want me to stay
because you know you can't win.
I won't attack you until
there are no other options.
And if you find these people.
I will help you.
But for now. I am going to find
and kill Boudica and Cleopatra.
They're most certainly
plotting to kill all of us.
Oda. you're being reckless.
Don't leave us.
We need to stick together.
I will see you again.
Oda. wait.
Should we go after him?
Yes. but first we must find
Joan and the others.
You'll have to do it without me.
The pain is spreading
through my body.
My vision seems to be
getting blurred.
You look unwell.
It must be something
our captors have done to you.
Stay strong.
We will find them and
get you feeling better.
This will help for now.
[groans]
You are playing with us.
No.
Please. kill me now.
The mighty Zulu King who
galvanized his whole country?
You want to give up now?
I know what I am fighting for.
I am fighting for
the freedom of my people.
Fighting for my nation.
But here. in this place...
there is no fighting
for such things.
Just demons playing their games
at other people's expense.
If this is the future
I fought for. let me die.
As a child. did you ever imagine
you would be more cruel and
deadly than the worst of us?
Or did you imagine
something better?
After two successful tests.
we will now be testing
remote capabilities.
The first test. the
subjects were simply
given audio commands.
and both sessions
were an absolute success.
We will now be incorporating
VR headsets
for more specific. immediate.
and instant control.
You control Queen Hangbe.
I will control Khan.
Give audio commands
to Shaka Zulu.
Shaka Zulu.
when you're attacked.
defend yourself at all costs.
[grunting]
[shouting]
[cracks]
Connection lost.
Resurrection
sequence activated.
Well. that answers that.
If they die. we can no
longer control them.
[grunting]
Shaka Zulu. you may
stop fighting.
You are the victor.
There.
They went in there.
Come on.
I can't.
Yes. yes. you're tired.
Come on.
I'm not just tired.
It's poison.
I can feel it killing me.
I knew we weren't going to make
it there the whole way together.
It was you.
Not our captors.
You poisoned me
when you were attending
to the wound from the arrow.
From the powder.
I thought we were allies.
When it was prudent.
But now I must win
the Crimson Havoc.
With it. I will
get that information
to defeat the Romans.
And nothing stands in my way.
[shuddering]
[sighs]
Boudica falls.
All hail the
Apothecary Queen. Cleopatra.
Why bother with food.
fur. or feelings?
Loyal. obedient. disposable.
Just remember. when your
subscription ends. so do they.
Pet pods. because love
should be manageable.
Oh. that's our third kill.
Boudica is down at
the hands of Cleopatra.
who she thought was her ally.
This is unprecedented.
Cleopatra is following
the remaining four combatants.
The match zone does not extend
into those maintenance tunnels.
No live feed. no telemetry.
They are outside
the parameters of the match
and outside the rules entirely.
I don't know what their plan
is. or even if they have one.
but whatever it is.
it's not part of
the game anymore.
ATTILA:
It's massive in here.
Endless halls.
all sealed like tombs.
No voices. no footsteps.
Joan. are you certain
they're in here?
They have to be.
No one guards an
empty space this fiercely.
Shall I break one open?
Perhaps our enemies
hide behind them.
No. we must act with wisdom.
not with rage.
There's a reason for every lock.
Attila. stop!
One move and your
blood stains the floor.
Wait. I could have just
kept following you
in the shadows
like I've been doing.
Instead I've chosen
to show myself.
Is that not proof I seek peace?
Let her go.
I offer truce.
I regret the company
I have kept.
They believe only in bloodshed.
I do not.
And what caused
the change of heart?
I am not bred for battle.
My place is among
the scrolls and courts.
and not fields of war.
I do not trust her.
Nor I.
I have pleaded for unity
since the beginning.
I will not turn away
the first who seeks it.
But betray us. Cleopatra.
and you will answer to us all.
This is a mistake.
Then we will watch her closely.
Cleopatra. if you deceive us.
I will be the one to kill you.
You will not need to.
I wish only to return
to my own time.
Bring her out.
Anesthesia 40%.
I get it.
The wars you fought
were of a different age.
of a different time.
When your husband.
King Prasutagus. died.
Rome betrayed you.
but did you give up? No.
You rose against them with a
hundred thousand men behind you.
Spare me your speeches.
Tyrants always have new ways
to hurt the weak.
Your weapons may be strange.
but your hearts are
as black as the Romans.
The gods will judge you.
The Just will always rise.
[grunting]
[shrieks]
Think you can cage a wolf?
Take her away.
She's ready.
I'm going to clean this up.
Aria. all good?
Great.
We can't afford any
mistakes right now.
That's why I went this route.
How are the investors?
The investors are fine.
Everyone's online and ready.
Good. Focus on that.
Wait. Hold on.
I don't see them.
ATTILA:
I hear something.
[gasps]
This way.
What do you see?
It's pure water.
No well. no river.
This belongs to Madame Wellman.
What is this. a weapon?
Perhaps to summon the guards.
Or worse.
MAMA:
Press it again.
Don't.
If you touch it. you will die.
She lies.
Just put it down.
Perhaps if we push it.
she dies.
She's the problem.
She's dead either way.
You are defenseless now.
No.
-She is helping us.
-She is our captor.
We should end this.
That woman
holds no power now.
I saw you as specimens.
Your lives were
never mine to use.
I'm so sorry.
So she says.
But I vow to help you now.
I can get you home.
All of you. safely.
Says the serpent handing
fruit to a child.
You hold the button.
But whose fate?
Does it matter?
What are those boxes
you keep looking at. Aria?
Cameras.
They're watching us.
The gaze from the gods?
They think so. but
they're just humans like me.
Are they watching us now?
No. I have them on a video loop.
But it won't last long.
They're going to figure it out.
Tell us. new friend.
What is the truth here?
What are you hiding?
Whether you survive or not.
you all will be sold
to the highest bidder.
Like slaves?
I should push this
button right now!
-I am slave to no one!
-No!
She tells us this
because she trusts us.
She could have
withheld the information.
Remember that.
I press this button.
Don't.
I know. It's barbaric.
It is unforgivable.
But if you press that button
now. you'll die.
I know how to deactivate it.
[sighs]
We are safe?
For now.
Now let me take you all home.
It'll take a little time
to power up the time machine.
[machine beeps]
Hold on. Hold on.
I got something. Machine room.
Aria's powering up
the time machine.
She's trying to send them back.
She lied to us. Leon.
What can we do?
We can stall her.
I'll shut the machine
down remotely.
I have to restart the machine.
Will that take time?
It should just
take a few minutes.
We'll patrol the threshold.
Come on!
[beeping]
Remote reinitialization
in progress.
That's your big play.
Shutting it down?
Let's go find her. Leon.
she's letting a billion
dollars get away.
No. she's not.
She's unwittingly
pushing the limits.
Welcome back.
Your new assignment:
kill all the remaining warriors
in the machine room.
And Aria?
I don't think
she's on our side anymore.
49%.
God grant us speed.
It's the others.
Stand ready.
Stand your ground.
Shadows approach.
Damn it. 61 percent.
Mama Huaco and Attila the
Hun versus Ghengis Khan.
Boudica. Shaka Zulu
and Queen Hangbe.
[grunting. shouting]
81 percent!
Give us speed. o Lord!
[grunts]
Attila!
Let them return to their home.
My spirit rides with you. Mama.
It is a warrior's honor.
May my ancestors
be prepared to receive me.
[screaming]
[gasps]
[machine whirring]
Almost there.
94%.
Joan. on the bottom
of the machine.
you'll see a series of switches.
Make sure that they're
in the ready position.
You'll know that
they're ready
because the lights
will turn green.
The lights are green.
The path is prepared.
Yes!
Yes...
What now?
Cleo...
[exhales]
I knew it.
Cleo...
99%.
Are the switches ready?
All is as it should be.
Where's Joan?
She remains behind to make
certain the glow stays green.
Joan!
Do not trust her.
Where is Joan?
Joan!
[grunting]
Oda Nobunaga vs.
Queen Hangbe.
Shaka Zulu.
and Boudica.
[grunting]
[grunts]
Wait. Stay your hands.
I alone remain.
I am the last.
I am victorious.
I win!
Let her live.
Put down your weapons.
Take Cleopatra to
the treatment room.
Lock Aria up in
the holding cells.
[grunts]
Is anyone there?
I hear distress.
It's just me.
Madame Wellman?
[grunting]
Don't.
Meet me back at
the machine room.
It's two floors down.
The stair is over there.
Take a right at the
bottom of the stairway.
I will meet you there.
Okay.
And the others?
I'm getting them.
Leon. it's Joan.
She escaped from her cell.
Bring Joan now.
-Joan. I told you!
-Silence!
Make haste to the machine
room. I shall delay them.
Flee! Now!
Joan of Arc. this is your
final warning to surrender.
Lord. guide my hand.
Lend me. as you will.
Shield me from evil and...
walk the path of righteousness!
The TCA has confirmed that
a minor incident occurred
today inside the
Crimson Havoc facility
when several contestants
inadvertently entered
a restricted maintenance zone.
Officials say the breach was
the result of a navigation error
during a routine match segment
and that the situation
was resolved without risk
to the public or the games.
While social media has
been circulating unauthorized
footage of the incident.
viewers are reminded
that such material
is often misleading
and taken out of context.
The TCA encourages
fans to focus
on the thrilling
competition ahead
rather than rumors
and has emphasized
that Crimson Havoc remains
safe. secure.
and on schedule with
no impact to upcoming events.
[grunting]
[grunts]
Oh...
It is destroyed!
I am afraid so.
The only way back
to your time is broken.
They have taken
what is vital.
We are all stuck here forever.
Unless we change our fate.
Cleopatra!
But how is this possible?
I devised an antidote
to shield my mind
from their poison.
this powder.
Joan. I owe you an apology.
You owe me nothing.
No. I must speak the truth.
I meant to kill you.
not as a slave to their will.
but of my choosing.
You got in my way.
but your words.
your faith.
your selflessness.
they affected me.
We seek the same thing.
you and I:
a way home and freedom
for our people.
I see that now.
Then we are allies at last.
I trusted you would find a way.
but is there a way
to fix the machine?
Our hope is Aria.
She made this device.
Then we find her.
And the others?
This is the antidote.
If you encounter them.
make them breathe it in.
And when their minds are freed.
you must persuade
them to join us.
[grunting]
Joan of Arc vs.
Oda Nobunaga
[shrieks]
[grunting]
[groans]
What?
What is this?
They've enslaved all
but Cleopatra and I
under mind control.
She developed an antidote.
but we need your help.
You trust her now?
I do.
She spared my life
and revealed her truth.
I believe in her.
Then I stand with you.
I failed you once by not
warning you of the poison.
I will not fail you again.
You're a man of honor. Oda.
We will find them.
I don't like this.
This is taking too long.
We should go back
to the control room.
Status report.
Respond.
What's wrong?
Some sort of a transmission.
They're asking where you are.
Tell them you've slain me.
Joan is dead.
Very good.
Bring her body to us.
[machine chimes]
You heard that. right?
That was definitely Joan.
She must have freed him
from mind control somehow.
[grunting]
Joan of Arc and Oda Nobunaga
versus Boudica and
Attila the Hun.
[shouting]
[grunting]
[coughs]
We...
Leave.
Welcome back. my friend.
Now we know how Joan escaped.
Aria. she's gone.
She played us the whole time.
I'll have to cycle
through the cam--
[grunting]
Aria!
What the hell?
We were supposed to
be in this together!
It was never about
either of you!
What is it about?
Leon. get off of her!
Leon. stop!
That's enough!
Aria...
This was supposed to
change all of our lives.
I used to believe that.
But now I see they're
not toys for billionaires.
They're human beings.
and we tore them from their own
lives for our selfish spectacle.
How sanctimonious of you.
What if...
What if we put
the time machine back?
You fix it.
and we send everybody home.
Okay. let's do it.
And you try anything.
and I'll stop.
Is that right?
You don't trust me.
And I don't trust you.
So we'll both go
to the machine room.
But I want this. Gordon.
I want an escort with drones.
Is that really necessary?
The drones are not
even built for indoors.
I'm not walking
into an ambush.
I'm fine with that.
Fine.
Go.
You made it.
I did.
Everyone is safe.
I will go find Aria.
Wait. Take this.
It's a fast-acting poison.
It quickly spreads
through your bloodstream
the moment it's ingested.
Use it for our captors.
Okay.
Or for yourself.
if you are captured.
and prefer a quick death.
Protect this machine.
And each other.
Our honor is all we have left.
They're not your friends.
You understand that. right?
They're killers.
They think nothing of you.
And you know
nothing about them.
Identify Joan of Arc.
The drones are still
programmed to kill Joan.
Run!
Eliminate Joan of Arc.
Abort.
[grunting]
This is what happens
to traitors!
Guide my hand. oh Lord!
[beeping]
Joan! You won't regenerate
with the machine offline.
I will make peace
with the Almighty.
And you are free to
save my friends.
Go fix the machine.
Thank you so much.
And for what it's worth.
I'm sorry.
GORDON: Joan. go left at
the end of the corridor.
You can hide out
in the control room
until Aria fixes the machine.
Control room doors opening.
Control room doors closing.
The drone!
[screams]
[gasps]
How is it you live?
I...
I believed you lost to death.
I thought the same.
My last memory is of
that thunderous explosion
that descended upon us.
And the poison.
You took the poison?
I can explain.
I used Cleopatra's uploaded
knowledge to craft an antidote.
I thought that it was too late.
Both of you pulled through.
Honestly. those explosions
almost killed you.
The machine.
Will you still be able to...
Send you back
to your rightful time?
Yes.
Are you ready?
So soon?
Of course.
Come on.
Okay.
Remember your order.
Khan. you're up first.
Will these memories
remain with us?
Do you want them to?
No.
You'll not remember.
Our spirits will remember.
May fortune favor you. Aria.
I won the day.
but forfeited myself.
Me. too.
Such is the fate of mankind.
And all kind.
[engine starts]
[traffic noise]
[sighs]